Juldak Hammerbeard - Johns Character
	Sumary: Dwarven Salior who is a tinker that has figured how to make guns. 
	Age: 100
	Looks: 4'2", Suntanned, sightly gray hair on the sides, gray blue eyes, about average build but slightly taller.
	Traits: Swears like a Salior.
	Ideal: Fairness, one for all and all for one.
	Bond: Will always remember his first ship, The Stout lass.
	Flaw: Prideful, to a flaw.
	Trinket: A small silver Raven
	Backstory: 
		Juldak Grew up in small coastal city of Dalhurst, inhabbited mostly by humans. Being a non-human he was a bit ostrizised and at the young age of thirty he ran off to see the world. He jumped onto a ship as a stowaway and stayed hidden for several days when he was eventually found the captain. He offered him a choice serve on the ship or be thrown overboard, naturaly he chose to stay aboard. The work was tough as were the other sailors but in time Joldak began to fit in. after serving on the ship for about 7 year Joldak decided to try and travel the main land for bit, he was unsucessful. 

		After 6 months of travel he was drawn back to the sea only to find out that The Stout Lass had been wrecked and the whole crew dead. After a brief mourning period he decided to to join up on another ship The Bent Haft, he served as quarter master on this ship for 12 years and saw many men come and go during this time he began to expirment with black powder and other explosive compounds eventually creating a working pistol. 

		Having now come into his fifties Joldak decided to try and find his parents to explain what happened to him, he spent 8 years searching for them but he found only their graves they had secumed to sickness. 

		Travling back to the sea after his parents death had only seemed natural. He found a new ship to join onto and spent the next 38 years going from ship to ship never finding a home quite like The Stout Lass, during this time he perfected his pistol, and designed better ammunition for it as well. On his 100th birthday he decided to try to explore the Mainland once again, hopefullly to more Success, he was dropped off at Oristano and has spent the last several months preparing for adventure.

Uthal Dragonhunter- Chris's Character
	Age: 35
	Look: 7'9", Black trible lines across and body, white eyes, and bald. Covered in scares and bruises from several fights. Quarter Staff has a series of carvings telling of his accomplishments and his legend.
	Traits: A roudy person and naturally competitive
	Ideal: Live and Let live. Mettling in the affairs of others causes trouble.
	Bond: His staff is a gift from his brother.
	Flaw: Always drunk, suffers depression and expresses it as anger when sober. Afraid of cliffside ledges.
	Backstory:
		Uthal Dragonhunter grew up in a nomadic tribe within the Serpent Mountains. His clan is very well respected and has a history of accomplished warriors.  Growing up he heard stories of his grandfather's and father's accomplishments, both killing dragons at young ages.  His father died when Uthal was only 2 years of age fighting an adult white dragon during a hunt falling of a cliff bringing the dragon with him.  His mother died shortly after on illness.  Uthal was raised and trained by his brother Urag the tribe's most accomplished monk.  
		
		On his 18th birthday Urag gave Uthal a quater staff as a sign that Uthal was no longer his student.  The two brothers always trained by the cliff where their father died. During a heated fight between the two brothers over the last of the previous hunts meat, as they usually did, Uthal threw his brother towards the cliff.  As Urag got up and readied himself the cliff collapsed bringing his brother down to the same death as their father.  He mourned his brother viewing his list of accomplishments and seeing that there was still much left undone and not living up to the clan name Uthal blamed himself for the worthless death of his brother and took up drink to give his opponents a handicap when he fought them.  

		Uthal left his village to make a legend of his own traveling from tavern to tavern starting brawls and looking for monsters to forge his legend which he carves into his staff.

Korfbjorn Wildmaul - Jason's Character
	Sum: Hill Dwarf Cleric of Fharlanghn
	Backstory:
		Korfbjorn was born to Loftbjorn and Thorbjorn Wildmaul in the hilly dwarvish town of Millstone.  Being a mining town, Korfbjorn soon was trained in his father’s mining guild as a mason and jewel crafter.  Being unusually hearty and strong, everyone thought that he would excel in the arduous labor that presented itself.  Unfortunately, Korfbjorn was afflicted with an insatiable wanderlust.  In his free time, he would walk to neighboring towns, telling and being told stories of faraway lands and wonderful adventures.  However, being a very loyal specimen, he would never dream of abandoning his family and obligations at home.  This made him depressed.
		
		One day, while returning from one of his many excursions to a nearby village, he was beset by strange highwaymen.  These individuals said nothing and attacked like lightning.  Even with his strong constitution and hearty Dwarfish strength, he was beaten and left for dead at the crossroads.
		
		When he awoke, he was surprised to see a wizened human face staring into his.  The man looked old, and only wore a simple tunic, but he spoke with an air of authority and peace.  Introducing himself simply as “a traveler”, he tended to Korfbjorn’s wounds and offered to share his campfire for the evening, as it was now too late to retune home without risking more robber attacks.  Korfbjorn agreed.
		
		The evening seemed to pass in a blur of stories and ale.  The Traveler had come from a far off continent, and shared with Korfbjorn exotic foods and beer.  In thanks, Korfbjorn offered to tell this traveler stories he had learned along the way.  The Traveler was pleased and before they knew it, dawn was approaching.  Korfbjorn said farewell to his new friend and headed for home.
		
		When he got home, he was surprised to find the entire town in a state of panic.  Asking around, he soon discovered why…He had been gone for nearly a week!  Confused by this, he told the town (and his much relived parents) what had happened.  
		
		The local cleric, an old follower of Moradin, put two and two together and told the young Korfbjorn that the traveler he met was none other than Fharlanghn, the great god of travel and roads!
		
		Over the coming days, Korfbjorn grew restless.  He was so amazed by the traveler’s stories and strange foods that he could not concentrate any longer on his work.  Coming home, he found his father and Mother waiting for him. “You have been touched by a god, son,” his father said.  “The Dweller on the Horizon calls to you, and you must follow your own path.  Go and tell your story to the world!”
		
		Sadness became joy as he soon said goodbye to his mother and father, hafted his hammer, and set his sights on the horizon…

Baston Rownand - Grant's Character
	Sum: Half Elven Bardbarian 
	Backstory:
		Baston was born into the tribe of half-elven barbarians known as the Rownand tribe. Even when he was a small boy, life was never easy for him. Expected to become chief after his father Gevant, Baston was expected to become the best at everything. No matter how hard he tried, Baston could never please his father. Whether he brought home the biggest fish or was defeated every other member of his tribe his age, it was not good enough for Gevant. Baston decided to use music as a means to express his feelings. He took up guitar, and shortly became something of a rock god amongst the Rownand tribe. During his mastery of the guitar, Baston discovered that his music could have in human effects on others. While going through what can only be described as a barbaric punk rock phase, Baston developed a skill known as “Vicious Mockery”. However, one night while complaining about his life to one of his friends, his mockery accidently caused one of them to drown himself. Afraid for his life, Baston left his tribe on a quest to become the best at everything, hoping that by mastering every skill, he could return to his tribe, be absolved, and lead them. But more importantly, Baston wanted to be accepted by his father Gevant.
		
		During his travels, Baston made himself to be an extremely likeable person. Loved by men and women alike, Baston used this to his advantage to get anything he wanted. In his mind, there was no one greater than Baston. Deciding he was not yet deserving of the title Rownand, Baston introduced himself to everyone as “Baston the Great.” This was the beginning of his quest to gain every title imaginable.



Hymdall - Dani's Character
	Backstory:
		Hymdall was born to a Human Warden named Arkantos and Elven Ranger named Liandra 23 years ago. Both of Hrmdall's parents retired their previous lives of adventure and danger to raise Hymdall in the mining villiage of Ironcove.

		His father Arkantos, was for his time served a respected and well loved Warden Master. His greatest achievement was leading a group of heros in banishing the great lich Tau'dhalik, preventing him from unleashing a his demonic army from the Nine Hells into the world just over 60 years ago.
		
		Hymdall mother Liandra, was an Elven Ranger who found knew the Goliath Shamen Kovdir that could banish the lich. The gathering of this heroic group is what brought Arkantos and Liandra together. After the banishing of Tau'dhalik, Liandra attemped to return to their old lives, but their love for one another was too strong so the settled down in iron-cove and had Hymdall, burning serveral bridges from thier previous lives. This was especially true to Arkantos, whos vows to the wardens are considered sacred, and not to be broken without the penalty of death. This lead to a divide in the Wardens, with one side saying that Arkantos should be killed for his actions, while the other arguing that his leadership durring the raid on Tau'dhalik.
		
		Unfortuatly on Hymdall's 8th birthday, group of cultist still serving Tau'dhalik in his banishment attack the town. Arkantos was able to send a raven to Retribution's Hold in Eldumm, while Liandra was able to hide Hymdell in an cart off ore. Soon the Wardens came to Ironcove, lead by Arkantos's friend Gendal. But they were too late. The whole town was massacred, including Hymdalls parents. Gendal found Hymdall just before a cultist could kill them. No one knows why the cultist attacked in the first place.
		
		Hymdall then trained hard to be a warden, having Gendal as his mentor. Many Wardens and hated Hymdall because his father left and broke his vows, and the new apprentists were jelous of his natural talent. Dispite all that he learned quickly and finished his final tests for apprenticeship  by 18, but the Warden Commander rejected his results and forced him to try again and again for 2 more years. Then he pass and offically became a warden. Still treated poorly, he generally went on missions alone and occasionally with one of the only new Wardens to respect him, Kagar. 
		
		8 Years later, the cultists of Tau'dhali assulted Retribution's Hold. It was there that Hymdall saw Gendal murdered by a former friend and Warden, Davroarm now a leader of these cultists. Seeking revenge Hymdall disobeyed the commanders orders and lead a group of 4 wardens to chase after Davroar. Unfortuatly they fell into a trap, and were quickly overruned. It was hear that Hymdall thought his story would end but Kagar bravelly through himself at Davroar and a few other cultists while telling the others to start running. It was just the distraction needed for the others to escape. Hymdall didnt want to leave and was about to turn back to save his best friend, but it was to late. He watched as Davroar stuck his sword through Kagar's chest. Kagar was Dead. Hymdall and then 2 other Wardens ran, barely making it out alive.

		When they return the Warden commader punished Hymdall and the others, by ordering them to serve at Retribution's Hold as a cook and cleaning servent for 1 year. Hymdall abandoned this after about 6 months and left the Hold in secret. He then travelled completely alone looking to destroy any reminants of the cultists that murdered everyone he loved, often performing questionably acts to get the results he wanted. 



