Javon
	Father of the evil faimily they first met.
	Last name Beasant
Anita
	Mother of the evil faimily they first met.
	Last name Beasant
	the most evil of them all
Ivo
	Son of the evil faimily they first met.
	Last name Beasant
	is a learned reader

Howe
	The guard that carried in Baston

King Kaarlo Assaf
	About to die
	Was a firm ruler but guenuily liked

Prince of Zanor, Cag Assaf
	Sadistic
	Has a Dying sister who he wants to save by killing the boy and having the spirit posses her instead. Will definatly lie and say its for military purposes.
	Would die for his sister.
	Actually is just waiting for his father to die so he can hold all of the power.

Princess of Zanor, Idola Assaf
	Dying Sister of Cag,
	Genuinely a great and kind person, unlike her brother.
	Mother was killed giving birth to her.
	Has a sort of blood illnis that cannot be cured with magic so far. 
	She is about 17, and actually a very beautiful girl.

Immo Ramsay
	Was one of 3 unborn children to store the fractured soul of Tau'dhalik.
	is over 60 but looks five.
	Mitly is actually his younger Sister, but has been rasing him so long that he just calls her mom.

Mitly Ramsay
	Loves that Immo boy to death, is both like and mother and sister to the boy.
	The only point of contact is Kovdir, who she would gues lives inHalivaara.
	Will Die to keep the boy alive but is definatly not a fighter.
	Mother's Name is Tessa.

Isin Coban
	Rebel that the party has taken hostage, wants the boy to help the rebel cause, and kill the prince to prevent him from taking power. The boy will also guerrenty that they are the power that takes over after the prince dies.

Soterios Chiusano
	Champion of the Crucible, Nice but extremly loyal to the prince.

Vanessa Chiusano
	Champion of the Crucible, Witty and fairly loyal to the prince. 


Kolina Corradetti
	Working for cultist but has an amulate that prevents her from being detected by good and evil and also magic at will.
		Armor Class 18 (chain mail + shield)
		Hit Points 37 (5d8+10)
		Speed 25 ft.
		STR	DEX	CON	INT	WIS	CHA
		14 (+2)	10 (+0)	16 (+3)	13 (+1)	16 (+3)	13 (+1)
		Skills Medicine +7, Persuasion +3, Religion +4
		Senses passive Perception 13
		Languages any two languages
		Divine Eminence. As a bonus action, the priest can expend a spell slot to cause its melee weapon attacks to magically deal an extra 10 (3d6) radiant damage to a target on a hit. This benefit lasts until the end of the turn. If the priest expends a spell slot of 2nd level or higher, the extra damage increases by 1d6 for each level above 1st.
		Spellcasting. The priest is a 5th-level spellcaster. Its spellcasting ability is Wisdom (spell save DC 13, +5 to hit with spell attacks). The priest has the following cleric spells prepared:
			Cantrips (at will): light, sacred flame, thaumaturgy
			1st level (4 slots): cure wounds, guiding bolt, sanctuary
			2nd level (3 slots): lesser restoration, spiritual weapon
			3rd level (2 slots): dispel magic, spirit guardians
		Actions
			Mace. Melee Weapon Attack: +2 to hit, reach 5 ft., one target. Hit: 3 (1d6) bludgeoning damage.


Juldak has a brother

Hymdal god is Helms